Direct add (#7575)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/account-and-billing/members/manage.md

5. Select **Continue to summary**.
6. Review the information, then select **Invite**.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> If a user is already has an account with Cloudflare, you can also select **Direct Add** to add them to your account without sending an email invitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user already has an account with Cloudflare, you can also select **Direct Add** to add them to your account without sending an email invitation.
```

5. Select **Continue to summary**.
6. Review the information, then select **Invite**.

> *Note:* the `Direct Add`function it's only available when the user is already registered on Cloudflare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="note">}}
If a user is already has an account with Cloudflare, you can also select **Direct Add** to add them to your account without sending an email invitation.
{{</Aside>}}
```
